gh-140505: Correct "parameters" to "arguments" in MultiCall doc (#140512)
python/cpython: Doc/library/xmlrpc.client.rst

   a list of signatures rather than a singleton.

>    Signatures themselves are restricted to the top level parameters expected by a

Reviewer: I would write something like "Note that a signature does not give details of a complex type; it just gives the basic XML-RPC type -- array or structure." (see https://xmlrpc-c.sourceforge.io/introspection.html).

This is applied not only to the types of parameters, but to the return type too.

>    method. For instance if a method expects one array of structs as a argument,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   method. For instance if a method expects one array of structs as an argument,
```

   and it returns a string, its signature is simply "string, array". If it expects

>    three integers and returns a string, its signature is "string, int, int, int".

Reviewer: Since this is applied to the return type too, I suggest to use this in the example.

```suggestion
   three integers and returns an array of strings, its signature is "array, int, int, int".
```

Author: I’ve made the changes you suggested. The section now makes it clear that a signature only shows the top-level XML-RPC type (array or structure) for arguments and return values. Added a couple of examples to make it easier to understand
